⚡️/accountant — hisobchi, buxgalter
— An accountant is a person whose job is to keep financial accounts. 
⚡️/capitalist — sarmoyachi, kapitalist
— A capitalist is a business person who invests in trade and industry for profit. 
⚡️/contempt — mensimaslik, hurmatsizlik
— Contempt is the feeling of having no respect for something.
⚡️/dedicate — bag'ishlamoq
— To dedicate oneself to something means to put a lot of time and effort into it.
⚡️/ditch — ariq, zovur
— A ditch is a narrow hole cut into the ground by a road or a field.
⚡️/enterprise — korxona, biznes
— An enterprise is a company or business.
⚡️/exquisite — nafis, go'zal, latofatli
— When something is exquisite, it is very beautiful or pleasant.
⚡️/finance — moliyalashtirmoq, mablag' bilan ta'minlamoq
— To finance someone or something means to provide money for them.
⚡️/indifferent — befarq, loqayd
— When someone is indifferent toward something, they have a lack of interest in it. 
⚡️/irrigate — sug'ormoq
— To irrigate means to supply water to land so that crops can grow.
⚡️/maximize — oshirmoq, maksimallashtirmoq
— To maximize something is to make it as great in amount, size, or importance.
⚡️/monetary — pulga oid
— When something is monetary, it relates to money.
⚡️/precaution — ehtiyot chorasi
— A precaution is an action that is meant to stop something bad from happening. 
⚡️/preliminary — dastlabki, oldingi
— Preliminary describes something that happens before a more important event. 
⚡️/saturate — ho'l qilmoq, bo'ktirmoq
— To saturate something means to completely soak it with a liquid.
⚡️/simplicity — oddiylik, soddalik
— The simplicity of something is the fact that it is easy to do or understand.
⚡️/sow — ekmoq, sepmoq
— To sow seeds means to plant them in the ground.
⚡️/soy — soya qaylasi
— Soy is a food made from soybeans, such as flour or butter.
⚡️/spade — belkurak
— A spade is a tool used for digging.
⚡️/upcoming — kelgusi, yaqinlashayotgan
— When something is upcoming, that means it will happen in the near future.