⚡️/anthropology — antropologiya
— Anthropology is the study of people, society, and culture.
⚡️/applaud — olqishlamoq, qarsak chalmoq
— To applaud means to clap in order to show approval.
⚡️/appoint — tayinlamoq
— To appoint someone to a job means to give the job to them.
⚡️/compatible — loyiq, bir-biriga mos
— When things are compatible, they work well or exist together successfully.
⚡️/competence — mahorat, iste'dod
— Competence is the ability to do something well or effectively.
⚡️/confer — maslahatbermoq
— To confer with someone means to discuss something with them to make a decision. 
⚡️/consecutive — izchil, ketma-ket
— When things are consecutive, they happen one after another without interruption. 
⚡️/cube — kub, kubik
— A cube is a solid object with six square surfaces that are all the same size.
⚡️/feedback — fikr-mulohaza
— Feedback is comments to a person about how they are doing something.
⚡️/ignorance — beparvolik, bilmaslik
— Ignorance of something is lack of knowledge about it.
⚡️/masculine — erkaklarga xos
— When something is masculine, it is a quality or thing related to men.
⚡️/monument — yodgorlik, haykal
— A monument is a structure that is built to remind people of a person or event.
⚡️/muscular — baquvvat, mushakdor
— When someone is muscular, they are very fit and strong.
⚡️/posture — holat, yurish-turish
— A person’s posture is the position in which they stand or sit.
⚡️/situate — joylashmoq, joylashtirmoq
— To situate something means to place or build it in a certain place.
⚡️/supervise — nazorat qilmoq
— To supervise something means to make sure that it is done correctly.
⚡️/symmetry — simmetriya
— Symmetry is the state of having two halves that are exactly the same.
⚡️/tattoo — tatuirovka
— A tattoo is a design that is drawn permanently on the skin with needles.
⚡️/undergraduate — bakalavr
— An undergraduate is a student at a college who is studying fora bachelor’s degree. 
⚡️/сrudе — ishlov berilmagan
— When something is crude, it is not exact or detailed, but it can still be useful.