⚡️/acid — oksid
— An acid is a chemical that can burn or dissolve other substances.
⚡️/administration — mamuriyat
— An administration is the group of people who manage a company or organization. 
⚡️/administrative — mamuriy
— Administrative describes anything related to managing a company or organization. 
⚡️/biotechnology — biotexnologiya
— Biotechnology is the use of living parts, such as cells, in industry and technology. 
⚡️/cholesterol — xolesterin
— Cholesterol is a substance in fat, tissues, and blood of all animals.
⚡️/coalition — koalitsiya, ittifoq
— A coalition is a group of people or organizations working for a common purpose. 
⚡️/deceptive — aldamchi
— When something is deceptive, it encourages one to believe something that is false. 
⚡️/diabetes — qantli diabet
— Diabetes is a medical condition where a person has too much sugar in their blood. 
⚡️/eliminate — bartaraf etmoq
— To eliminate something that is unwanted means to completely remove it.
⚡️/erosion — eroziya, nurash
— Erosion is the destruction of rock or soil due to flowing water or weather.
⚡️/ethics — etika, odob-axloq
— Ethics are moral beliefs or rules about right or wrong.
⚡️/explicit — oydin, ro'yi-rost
— If something is explicit, it is very clear, open, and truthful.
⚡️/framework — tuzilma
— A framework is a set of rules or ideas that people use to solve problems.
⚡️/manufacture — ishlab chiqarmoq
— To manufacture something means to make it in a factory.
⚡️/mechanism — mexanizm, qurilma
— A mechanism is a part of a machine that performs a certain function.
⚡️/minimize — minimallashtirmoq
— To minimize means to reduce something to the lowest possible level.
⚡️/nectar — nektar
— Nectar is a sweet liquid produced by flowers that bees and other insects collect. 
⚡️/notion — tushuncha
— A notion is an idea or belief about something.
⚡️/prone — moyil
— When things are prone to some bad thing, they are likely affected by it.
⚡️/straightforward — juda oddiy, sodda, jo'n
— When something is straightforward, it is good because it is easy to understand.