⚡️/adapt — moslashmoq, ko'nikmoq
— To adapt means to change in order to deal with a new situation or addition.
⚡️/biological — biologik
— Biological describes the process of life and living things.
⚡️/cellular — hujayraviy
— When something is cellular, it relates to the cells of animals or plants.
⚡️/dynamic — serharakat, ishchan
— When people are dynamic, they are lively and have creative ideas.
⚡️/fantasy — fantaziya, xayolot
— A fantasy is a pleasant situation that people think about but is unlikely to happen. 
⚡️/heredity — irsiyat
— Heredity is the process of passing on features from parents to children.
⚡️/internal — ichki
— When something is internal, it exists or happens inside a person, object, or place. 
⚡️/minimal — minimal, juda kam
— When something is minimal, it is very small.
⚡️/pioneer — pioner
— A pioneer is a person who is the first to discover or be involved in something.
⚡️/prescribe — yozib bermoq
— To prescribe medicine means to tell someone to take it.
⚡️/respective — tegishli
— When things are respective, they relate separately to each person just mentioned.
⚡️/revive — jonlantirmoq
— To revive someone or something means to restore health or life to them.
⚡️/rigid — qat'iy
— When rules or systems are rigid, they are severe because they cannot be changed.
⚡️/sequence — ketma-ketlik
— A sequence is a number of events or things that come one after another.
⚡️/substitute — o'rniga ishlatmoq
— To substitute something or someone means to have them take the place of another. 
⚡️/surgeon — jarroh
— A surgeon is a doctor who is trained to do surgery.
⚡️/therapy — terapiya, muolaja
— Therapy is treatment for a particular physical or mental illness or condition.
⚡️/transfer — ko'chirib o'tkazmoq
— To transfer something means to move it from one place to another.
⚡️/transition — o'tish
— A transition is a process where there is a change from one form to another.
⚡️/transplant — transplantatsiya
— A transplant is an operation in which a damaged part of one’s body is replaced.