⚡️/aquarium — akvarium
— An aquarium is a building where fish and underwater animals are kept.
⚡️/arbitrary — asossiz, o'zboshimcha
— If something is arbitrary, it is not based on any plan or system, so it seems random. 
⚡️/autobiography — avtobiografiya, tarjimai hol
— An autobiography is a true story of a person’s life written by that person.
⚡️/convention — udum, odat
— A convention is behavior that is considered to be common or polite.
⚡️/gracious — marhamatli
— If someone is gracious, then they are kind and helpful to those who need it.
⚡️/improve — yaxshilamoq
— To improve something means to make it better.
⚡️/insulate — izolyatsalamoq
— To insulate something means to protect it from heat, cold, or noise.
⚡️/intrigue — qiziqish uyg'otmoq
— To intrigue means to cause an interest in something or someone.
⚡️/longevity — uzoq umr ko'rish
— Longevity is the ability to live for a long time.
⚡️/misplace — yo'qotmoq
— To misplace something means to lose it.
⚡️/naughty — qaysar, injiq
— When children are naughty, they behave badly or do not do what they are told. 
⚡️/norm — me'yor
— A norm is a way of behaving that is considered normal in a particular society.
⚡️/orangutan — orangutan
— An orangutan is a large ape with red and brown hair and long arms.
⚡️/overload — ortiqcha yuk yuklamoq
— To overload something means to put more things into it than it is meant to hold. 
⚡️/philanthropy — filantrofiya
— Philanthropy is the act of helping others, without wanting anything in return.
⚡️/probe — zond bilan tekshirmoq
— To probe into something means to ask questions to discover facts about it.
⚡️/recipient — qabul qiluvchi
— A recipient of something is the person who receives it.
⚡️/reptile — sudralib yuruvchilar, reptiliyalar
— A reptile is a cold-blooded animal that lays eggs and has skin covered with scales. 
⚡️/thrive — yanada sog'lom, omadli, kuchli bo'lmoq
— To thrive means to do well and be successful, healthy, or strong.
⚡️/ultimate — bosh, pirovard
— When something is ultimate, it is the final result or aim of a long series of events.