⚡️/aggregate — bir butun, agregat
— When a number is aggregate, it is made up of smaller amounts added together.
⚡️/antibiotic — antibiotik
— An antibiotic is a medical drug used to kill bacteria and treat infections.
⚡️/circuit — elektr zanjiri
— A circuit is a piece of an electronic device that allows electricity to flow.
⚡️/complement — yaxshilamoq, yanada go'zal qilmoq
— To complement something or someone is to make them better.
⚡️/compress — siqmoq, bosmoq
— To compress something means to press or squeeze it so that it takes up less space. 
⚡️/database — ma'lumotlar bazasi
— A database is a collection of data that is stored in a computer.
⚡️/equivalent — ekvivalent
— An equivalent is an amount or value that is the same as another amount or value.
⚡️/immune — immunitetli, ta'sirlanmaydigan
— When someone is immune to a disease, they cannot be affected by it.
⚡️/input — ma'lumot
— Input is information that is put into a computer.
⚡️/intimate — yaqin, sirdosh
— When a relationship is intimate, the two things are very closely connected.
⚡️/magnet — magnit
— A magnet is a piece of iron or other material which attracts iron toward it.
⚡️/metabolism — metabolizm
— A person’s metabolism is the way chemical processes in their body use energy. 
⚡️/microchip — mikrochip
— A microchip is a small device inside a computer that holds information.
⚡️/phase — bosqich
— A phase is a stage in a process or the gradual development of something.
⚡️/pinch — chimchilab olmoq
— To pinch means to take a piece of skin between one’s fingers and squeeze.
⚡️/prevalent — keng tarqalgan
— When something is prevalent, it is common.
⚡️/quantum — kvant
— When something is quantum, it relates to the behavior of atomic particles.
⚡️/ratio — nisbat
— A ratio is a relationship between two things expressed in numbers or amounts. 
⚡️/spiral — burama, spiral
— A spiral is a shape which winds round and round in a larger and larger circle.
⚡️/viral — virusli
— When something is viral, it is a disease or infection that is caused by a virus.