⚡️/adhere — rioya qilmoq
— To adhere means to act in the way that a rule or agreement says is right.
⚡️/administer — boshqarmoq, zimmasiga olmoq
— To administer means to take responsibility for organizing something.
⚡️/Compassionate — rahmdil
— When people are compassionate, they feel pity and sympathy for others.
⚡️/Contaminate — bulg'amoq, ifloslamoq
— To contaminate something means to put dirty or harmful chemicals into it.
⚡️/deficiency — tanqislik
— A deficiency is a lack of something, especially something that is needed.
⚡️/epidemic — epidemiya
— An epidemic is an outbreak of a disease that spreads quickly.
⚡️/hazard — tahlika, xavf
— A hazard is something that could be dangerous to a person’s health or safety. 
⚡️/imperative — o'ta muhim
— When something is imperative, it is extremely important and must be done.
⚡️/intestines — ichak
— Intestines are tubes through which food passes after it leaves the stomach.
⚡️/manifest — namoyon qilmoq, ko'rsatmoq
— To manifest means to make something visible or obvious.
⚡️/metabolic — metabolizmga oid, metabolik...
— When something is metabolic, it relates to a person’s or animal’s metabolism. 
⚡️/overcrowded — liq to'lgan
— When a place is overcrowded, it has too many people or things in it.
⚡️/paramount — birinchi darajali, eng muhim
— When something is paramount, it is more important than anything else.
⚡️/practitioner — amaliyotchi doktor
— A practitioner is a doctor.
⚡️/provision — ta'minot
— The provision of something is the act of giving it to people in need or want.
⚡️/replenish — qaytdan to'ldirmoq
— To replenish something means to make it full or complete again.
⚡️/sterile — mikroblardan tozalangan, sterillangan
— When something is sterile, it is completely clean and free from germs.
⚡️/upgrade — rivojlantirmoq
— To upgrade something means to improve it or make it more efficient.
⚡️/viable — umidli
— When something is viable, it is capable of doing what it is intended to do.
⚡️/voluntary — ko'ngilli
— When something is voluntary, it is done by choice but is not required.