⚡️/alleviate — yengillashtirmoq, kuchsizlantirmoq
— To alleviate pain or suffering means to make it less intense or severe. 
⚡️/astrology — astrologiya
— Astrology is the study of the stars in the belief that they influence people’s lives.
⚡️/differentiate — farqlamoq, farqiga bormoq
— To differentiate things or people is to show the difference between them.
⚡️/disrupt — putur yetkazmoq, buzmoq
— To disrupt something or someone is to prevent them from working.
⚡️/equation — tenglama
— An equation is a math operation to determine the value of something.
⚡️/err — xato qilmoq, adashmoq
— To err means to make a mistake.
⚡️/erroneous — xato, tanglish
— When something is erroneous, it is incorrect or only partly correct.
⚡️/frantic — darg'azab, jazavaga tushgan
— If people or things are frantic, they behave in a wild way because they are frightened 
⚡️/hull — kema korpusi
— The hull of a boat or tank is the main body of it.
⚡️/improvise — tayyorgarliksiz tashkil etmoq
— To improvise something is to do it with whatever is available or without planning. 
⚡️/inadvertent — beparvo, e'tiborsiz
— When an action is inadvertent, it is done without realizing what you are doing.
⚡️/latitude — kenglik
— The latitude of a place is its distance from the equator.
⚡️/mariner — dengizchi, matros
— A mariner is a sailor.
⚡️/multitude — juda ko'p
— A multitude of things or people is a very large number of them.
⚡️/nuisance — ko'ngilsizlik; zararkuranda
— A nuisance is a person or thing that is annoying or causes a lot of problems.
⚡️/permanence — doimiylik
— The permanence of something is its ability to last forever.
⚡️/revolve — eng muhim bo'lak deb bilmoq
— To revolve around something is to keep it as the main feature or focus.
⚡️/soothe — yupatmoq, ovutmoq
— To soothe means to calm someone who is angry or upset.
⚡️/stranded — qiyinchilikda qolgan
— If someone is stranded, they are prevented from leaving a place.
⚡️/volatile — nomo'tadil, o'zgaruvchan
— When something is volatile, it is likely to change suddenly and unexpectedly.